index.md, before:

# Hey, my name is [Alexander Tatoian](./photo.jpg) :shipit:
> _"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing" - Socrates (probably)_
### Table of Contents
- [Hey, my name is Alexander Tatoian :shipit:](#hey-my-name-is-alexander-tatoian-shipit)
    - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [About Me](#about-me)
  - [How It Started](#how-it-started)
  - [How It's Going](#how-its-going)
  - [Academic Interests](#academic-interests)
  - [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Some Goals While I Am at UCSD](#some-goals-while-i-am-at-ucsd)
  - [Here Are My Favorite Foods (Ranked)](#here-are-my-favorite-foods-ranked)

## About Me
I grew up and lived my whole life in Pasadena, California, which is a super great city that is home to the [Rose Parade](https://tournamentofroses.com/).
I am a transfer student from **[Pasadena City College(PCC)](pasadena.edu)**. Outside of academics, I really enjoy playing piano, where I usually try to listen to a song that is stuck in my head, and try to play it by ear! Although I am not the best at this, I am pretty content with the current percentage of songs I can successfully hear and play (I need a lot more practice). Another cool thing 
is that I play for the **UCSD ice hockey team**:ice_hockey: (our [Insta](https://www.instagram.com/accounts/login/?next=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fucsdicehockey%2F%3Fhl%3Den&is_from_rle)), which I am sure no one at UCSD knew even existed :laughing:. While I feel like California offers almost everything anyone can want, I still want to travel around. Once I graduate, I really want to _roadtrip_ across the country and experience the national parks, the different cities, and different cultures of the USA!
## How It Started
Here's the first line of code I wrote (and so did probably everyone):
```
#include <iostream>
using namespace std;

int main()
{
    cout << "Hello World!" << endl;
}
```
## How It's Going
:skull: :skull: :skull:\
Yeah... It isn't going so good...
## Academic Interests
I am very interested in getting into the research field of Computer Science. This was prompted by a super fun class I took over the Winter 2025 quarter (CSE 140), which made me opened my eyes to a new world outside of software and algorithms. On my free time, I am planning on gaining a more in-depth understanding of digital logic, computer architecture, and hopefully doing mini-RTL design project in SystemVerilog. I am actually very excited for CSE 110, because I have absolutely no background in Software Engineering, web client laguages, or frameworks. I am always really interested in gaining knowledge in areas I don't have much experience in, hopefully making me a more well-rounded student and computer scientist!
## Programming Languages
Here are some programming languages I know:
- _C/C++_ (Proficient, probably my best language)
- _Java_ (Proficient)
- _x86 Assembly_ (Basic)
- _SystemVerilog_ (Basic)
- _Python_ (Basic)
- _GML_ (Very niche, but called GameMaker Language for [GMS2](https://gamemaker.io/en))
## Some Goals While I Am at UCSD
- [x] Go to the Beach
- [x] Join the Ice Hockey Team
- [x] Go to Tacos El Gordo (in Chula Vista)
- [ ] Join a Research Lab
- [ ] Take an interesting Graduate-Level CS class
- [ ] Make a nice physics simluation project (C++) by the summer
## Here Are My Favorite Foods (Ranked)
1. [Khrovats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khorovats) (Basically just shish-kebab, but Armenian :armenian_flag:)
2. Neapolitan Pizza
3. Tacos de Adobada
4. Ramen
5. Chicken Tikka Masala

Commit message:

Everything looks good, final push

index.md, after:

# Hey, my name is [Alexander Tatoian](./photo.jpg) :shipit:
> _"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing" - Socrates (probably)_
### Table of Contents
- [Hey, my name is Alexander Tatoian :shipit:](#hey-my-name-is-alexander-tatoian-shipit)
    - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [About Me](#about-me)
  - [How It Started](#how-it-started)
  - [How It's Going](#how-its-going)
  - [Academic Interests](#academic-interests)
  - [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Some Goals While I Am at UCSD](#some-goals-while-i-am-at-ucsd)
  - [Here Are My Favorite Foods (Ranked)](#here-are-my-favorite-foods-ranked)

## About Me
I grew up and lived my whole life in Pasadena, California, which is a super great city that is home to the [Rose Parade](https://tournamentofroses.com/).
I am a transfer student from **[Pasadena City College(PCC)](pasadena.edu)**. Outside of academics, I really enjoy playing piano, where I usually try to listen to a song that is stuck in my head, and try to play it by ear! Although I am not the best at this, I am pretty content with the current percentage of songs I can successfully hear and play (I need a lot more practice). Another cool thing 
is that I play for the **UCSD ice hockey team**:ice_hockey: (our [Insta](https://www.instagram.com/accounts/login/?next=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fucsdicehockey%2F%3Fhl%3Den&is_from_rle)), which I am sure no one at UCSD knew even existed :laughing:. While I feel like California offers almost everything anyone can want, I still want to travel around. Once I graduate, I really want to _roadtrip_ across the country and experience the national parks, the different cities, and different cultures of the USA!
## How It Started
Here's the first line of code I wrote (and so did probably everyone):
```
#include <iostream>
using namespace std;

int main()
{
    cout << "Hello World!" << endl;
}
```
## How It's Going
:skull: :skull: :skull:\
Yeah... It isn't going so good...
I'm just kidding I feel like I grew so much these couple of years. Having such great professors at both PCC and UCSD, I look back at my freshman year self and realize how much simpler I thought everything was. I now realize that all the classes I took made understand how much stuff there is out there that I do not know, and how it is not possible to know all there is to know in this field!
## Academic Interests
I am very interested in getting into the research field of Computer Science. This was prompted by a super fun class I took over the Winter 2025 quarter (CSE 140), which made me opened my eyes to a new world outside of software and algorithms. On my free time, I am planning on gaining a more in-depth understanding of digital logic, computer architecture, and hopefully doing mini-RTL design project in SystemVerilog. I am actually very excited for CSE 110, because I have absolutely no background in Software Engineering, web client laguages, or frameworks. I am always really interested in gaining knowledge in areas I don't have much experience in, hopefully making me a more well-rounded student and computer scientist!
## Programming Languages
Here are some programming languages I know:
- _C/C++_ (Proficient, probably my best language)
- _Java_ (Proficient)
- _x86 Assembly_ (Basic)
- _SystemVerilog_ (Basic)
- _Python_ (Basic)
- _GML_ (Very niche, but called GameMaker Language for [GMS2](https://gamemaker.io/en))
## Some Goals While I Am at UCSD
- [x] Go to the Beach
- [x] Join the Ice Hockey Team
- [x] Go to Tacos El Gordo (in Chula Vista)
- [ ] Join a Research Lab
- [ ] Take an interesting Graduate-Level CS class
- [ ] Make a nice physics simluation project (C++) by the summer
## Here Are My Favorite Foods (Ranked)
1. [Khrovats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khorovats) (Basically just shish-kebab, but Armenian :armenian_flag:)
2. Neapolitan Pizza
3. Tacos de Adobada
4. Ramen
5. Chicken Tikka Masala
